## FFIV Free Enterprise Post-Randomizer

This tool is designed to make additional modifications and randomizations to a seed generated by [Final Fantasy IV - Free Enterprise](http://ff4fe.com), a fantastic "open world randomizer" romhack for Final Fantasy IV, by B0ardface.

### Warning about Cheating

Please note that this tool is (currently) intended only for casual and experimental use.  Use of this tool on a race rom before or during a league race or any other official FF4FE race on SpeedRunsLive is considered cheating and will result in disqualification and a ban from SRL.

### Why a Post-Randomizer?

Final Fantasy IV Free Enterprise is a truly excellent romhack, and is notable as much for what it doesn't do as what it does.  FF4FE has a distinct vision and mission.  It is an open world hack designed for speedrunning and racing.  While it fixes bugs and makes occasional tweaks here and there, ff4fe is very disciplined about making changes and deliberately preserves vanilla behavior whenever possible.  The original game has a great deal of depth all by itself.  FF4FE really allows that depth to shine through while keeping the hack appealing and accessible to players who loved the original game.  FF4FE is also highly polished, with many of great and subtle quality-of-life features.

All that said, some players are interested in more reckless or crazy modifications that aren't appropriate for FF4FE's disciplined approach.  These ideas may include rebalancing weaker characters like Edward and Dark Knight Cecil, or difficulty hacks such as randomizing the cast times on all spells.  Other ideas may just be a lower priority.

Using hacks on the vanilla game is one option, but speaking personally I really love the Free Enterprise hack and at this point would rather play it than the original in most cases.

### Using ff4fepr

Currently, this tool has no official distribution mechanism.  It's developed for Python 2.7 and has been tested on [Cygwin](http://www.cygwin.com) (but uses minimal libraries so probably works in any POSIX environment).
